
Flaresight is #hiring Back End Developer

Job Type : On-site Full-Time
Location : Kuleshwor, Kathmandu
Experience : Proven experience as a backend developer


Responsibilities:
Design, develop, implement software architecture and deploy microservices using modern backend technologies and best practices.
Architect scalable and resilient microservices architectures, ensuring reliability, scalability, and maintainability.
Optimize microservices for performance, scalability, and resource utilization.
Design and implement API and database architecture
Use third-party API
Deploy software to cloud infrastructure
Troubleshoot and debug issues in production and non-production environments, ensuring timely resolution.
Implement automated tests and participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and reliability to identify areas of improvement.
Collaborate with other team members to establish objectives and design more functional, cohesive codes to enhance the user experience
Developing ideas for new programs, products, or features by monitoring industry developments and trends.
Write clean, efficient, and well-documented code following software engineering principles and industry standards.
Implement security measures, authentication, and authorization mechanisms for microservices.
Participating in continuing education and training to remain current on best practices, related to microservices architecture and backend development and better assist other team members.
Taking lead on projects, as needed


**Qualifications:**
Bachelor’s degree in computer programming, computer science, or a related field.
Proven experience as a backend developer with expertise in building microservices.
Strong understanding and experience of the web development cycle and programming techniques and tools.
Strong proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Node.js
Strong understanding and experience of micro service architecture, API development.
Experience with microservices frameworks and technologies such as Spring Boot, Flask, Express.js, or Gin.
Knowledge of containerization and orchestration technologies like Docker and Kubernetes.
Strong understanding and experience of deployment of software in cloud infrastructure.
Familiarity with cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform.
Experience in DevOps Experience in Design Database
Experience with relational and NoSQL databases.
Understanding of RESTful APIs and asynchronous messaging systems.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, agile environment.
Focus on efficiency, user experience, and process improvement.
Excellent project and time management skills.
Ability to work independently or with a group.


How to Apply
Apply through the link in the comment section below


#backenddeveloper #itjobs #vaccancy #softwaredeveloper #itcareer #engineer #jobsNepal #hirringNepal 